Document envisalink zone bypass switches (#21336)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/envisalink.markdown

- Binary Sensor: Reports on zone status (Check the [type/class](/integrations/binary_sensor/#device-class) list for a possible visualization of your zone.)
- Sensor: Emulates an alphanumeric keypad attached to the alarm panel
- Alarm Control Panel: Reports on partition status, and can be used to arm/disarm the system

> - Switch: Used to bypass individual zones.  Only available on DSC alarm panels due to limitations in the Honeywell interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Switch: Bypass individual zones. Bypass switches are only available on DSC alarm panels due to limitations in the Honeywell interface.
```
